hello welcome to GUI and in web browsers
we click all its 13th of November 2019
I'm this week joined by Dietrich and
Huck and we will jump straight to our
agenda agenda for today we will talk
about web UI test suit then about
browser design workshop which will
happen probably this week the two will
share some updates on chrome dev summit
and we'll discuss what happens next week
during the lab week all right where do I
test it I've added it so it's my fault
all right
so long story short there's an objective
this quarter to improve test suit of web
UI by sort of like clarifying when
something breaks in end-to-end tests and
we sort of like wanted this is I wrote
this perfect table of things I would
love to see we tested in a perfect world
when we are our ideas fires so we would
like to test where do I like let's say
the basic test case that we want is
adding files and directories to ipfs
using web UI interface and we would like
to ensure that core functionality does
not break in chromium Firefox and
electron electrons on the list because
ipfs desktop is based on electron and we
render web you are using electron
renderer process right now
IP first desktop runs you go IGFs
butts like people may run webui against
go or Jase ipfs in companion or on their
own if you install Jase ipfs and you
started in teaming mode it shows link to
web UI so we effectively ended up with
this test matrix and I finally got to
the point when I like looked into how
our current test in what do I look like
and how what's between where we are
right now and this perfect world when we
have this test matrix and my initial
idea was oh yeah we will just add edger
edge it has a built-in support for
running against those runtimes so the
run against chromium Firefox and an
electron renderer and we're golden
so the problem is so like I think a jury
is not the problem the node modules is
already one gigabyte in size and then if
you add a juror it's like twenty eight
two hundred megabytes more so it's like
in the past I believe the difference
mark was much bigger and I remember the
discussion when we've been talking about
adding edger oh it will make the node
modules too big but right now it's
relatively to the current stay size of
node modules it's not a big big problem
the problem is that edger itself is at
all focused on mostly to improve our
velocity around developing libraries and
that means it's very opinionated around
that it expects tests to be written in
mocha and we run those tests using karma
in different environment so we are we
can run in node but then we use karma to
run in Firefox Chrome and electron we
use that also to run in work web worker
environment so we
we have separate tests for libraries to
how a library works in regular webpage
when there's like a window object and
then in serviceworker when there's like
just like self stuff like that and
that's edger the problem is in web UI we
don't use edger we use just for tests
and we have proof of concept for running
puppeteer for running end-to-end tests
with puppeteer and that's sort of the
same semi manual process so that's the
first problem
edger does not support libraries that we
use in web UI so it's it's not a drop-in
replacement so then I I sort of like
scratch started scratching some how
would it look like if we refactor test
from just mocha and then turns out most
of people move in opposite direction
from Wacha to Jess so we not only don't
have any community to link that would
help us in like transforming code or
mapping it would be like the cost of
refactoring could be kinda big and then
even if we switch to that like karma
itself does not solve the end-to-end
tests at the level we need so we we sort
of need this green reality of puppeteer
cause like karma itself it just runs
those like unit tests in a web web
browser context but what we want we need
a puppeteer to like orchestrate browser
to go to specific URL to actually click
on specific object and those days like
historically there were selenium but I
am pretty sure we we don't want to go
that route and puppeteer those days may
be the only viable option seems that
most of the high level libraries I will
also like mention here like Cypress and
other libraries are kind of built on top
of puppeteer just like historically were
built on top of selenium
so that's like a 20x or so and I feel we
probably don't we are not very
controversial by sort of adding
puppeteer as a hard requirement for what
we need for this project so long story
short from this from from the current
point we can either move to like mocha
and karma but the problem is that does
not solve the problem that we need to
still add support like puppeteer so we
will either need to run puppeteer
somehow from a karma or at a specific
runner or something
basically this sounds like extending
agile at some point because we don't
want to like add additional layer it
feels like something closer to edger
so then we could just say okay edger
actually does not help us with tests
let's stay with just and maybe we should
simply improve our puppeteer setup so
right now it just runs puppeteer so that
means we just test against Chrome
chromium and it's like semi manual but
there are like tools for both improving
orchestration and improving gives us
like the DSL for writing tests against
puppeteer without like using those
low-level API so directly so there's
like just puppeteer project I found
which sort of like bridges this gap
between just which we already use and in
the same style we could write and plan
tests and I started scratching this on
local branch but then this call happens
so it may be something who I will pick
maybe maybe Enrique will be interested
in like seeing if it's a way to go but
basically if we go in in this direction
we don't need to touch existing tests
like unit tests just that this would
stay the only thing we would improve is
this end-to-end setup which we already
have but over
basic form we would just extend that and
in the first iteration I I just want to
get the Papa to work in a way that lets
us run it against HTTP API exposed by go
or Jas and I believe in tool like J's
puppeteer or some or something like that
we should be able to like pass if you
want to run against go or yes maybe that
could be like IP fsd control or other
library which we already have as a part
of edger maybe we could extend edger and
simply add support for just an puppeteer
like in fact first iteration probably
would just write it locally in web UI
but actually I really would like to
think if we can back port this upstream
to agile because this puppeteer setup I
would probably we would like that to
reuse that for testing google web apps
like websites or web apps and GUI
applications so far edger was focused on
libraries that's why we ended up with
mocha and karma that's perfect for
developing libraries but the moment you
need to test some internal interactions
then we need this puppeteer and
capability so it's possible that from
this we will simply contribute patches
to edger and there will be an option to
to run material that's why so the four
initial version I think we should just
like see what we can do with puppeteer
that will test the guy in chromium but
it's like 80% of market so pretty good
for like POC and then we can see what we
can test with puppeteer Firefox and
there's puppeteer electron I'm not sure
how viable those are I know like Firefox
one has implemented most of 80 is so
we may need to skip some tests until
support for specific API lands in
Firefox but I feel that's a pretty
viable so that's also this this version
be like this scenario B is also
something I feel does not require us to
invest as much time as alternative ones
because if we go here we need to like
refactor tests without like any
guarantee of success or it's pretty hard
to estimate if it's even worth it to
touch like mocha tests we can actually
effectively test only about end-to-end
right and in C like they're high like we
can always later we can decide oh
actually a lot of the stuff we want to
write for B is already implemented by
some other project but I feel at this
stage we probably would should go with B
that would be my recommendation and try
to like basically improve puppeteer
setup and then maybe back ported to
agile I also like evaluated to edge here
from the perspective of making it easier
for external contributors by bringing
both familiarity and keeping our code
rules in check so not not only is used
for running tests but there are also
like built-in tools for checking bundle
size reporting code coverage to external
service and also linter adjure comes
with default standard based set of rules
which are also hardened compared to the
defaults so I've run tests against like
web UI code by using
edgers rules and we got like 60 like
around 50 errors so it's the rules are a
bit more strict is its most like
cosmetic changes but it keeps code base
more aligned with like if someone starts
- between ipfs they will basically be
required to follow seminar code
practices it's those are sort of like
cosmetic things we probably should not
discuss right now but I just mentioned
that as the only thing that would be
worth for keeping adjure in the project
if we decide to keep it we could reuse
it for this and then if we decide to
back port like puppeteer set set up to
edger then it makes sense to keep edger
but for now we can probably work on
something like B without relying on
nature and then I also looked at what
how would the running web UI from JSI
TFS tests should look like so for a
little bit of context if you run CI
objects API FS there's a special there's
a special type of test we run we run
just a we're an external project against
a new version of Jace IVFs which is
pretty interesting because you are able
to test if your project is breaking some
important part application so here for
example we check we run a qfs companion
tests against like Jace ipfs revision I
believe you can see we can specify any
comment here so it's not like this test
external comment comes from major but
it's not like we need to use this we
could have our own command so it's not
like switching to edger or like using
edger for this is not hard to comment
actually this command is used by edger
in J's ipfs and it simply runs test
command in specific report
so don't need change we would have to do
is to ensure if you are running in CI
environment run not only just tests but
also end-to-end and that would
effectively when you run test just test
come out right and that would
effectively give us this capability of
running let's say Jess a profess against
web UI repo more or less I hope I did
not glance over too much and also did
not worry too much if you have any
questions or thoughts after children
thanks for the detailed walkthrough of
the options and the scenario they're
betting on puppeteer sounds prudent the
goal and the Firefox meldman team is to
support it fully and move to it for
testing for a bunch of things so that's
a safe bet on that and yeah it's a said
it seems a priority from the work that
they've been doing I based on chrome dev
summit yesterday puppeteer came up
several times and it is their standard
and then the side benefits are as you
said like not only do we get chrome
support which is you know of course
market heavy weight there but also any
chromium based browser also will have
puppeteer support built in so we get
double benefits there I had a question
about how a lot of this you know the the
plan that you talked about was about
testing against the HTTP API how what
would a embedded node testing scenario
look like in this situation a little bit
of background is that right now web UI
the only way web UI can communicate with
ipfs node is over HTTP api historically
we saw we had support for window IDF ice
object exposed by
if his companion but we like remove that
because it gave like it was Sun box by
default / origin and where do I expected
an Sun box version so it was easier to
do some tricks around course to simply
run over HTTP then go through this like
post message proxy Rube Goldberg machine
to achieve similar result so long story
short web UI requires HTTP API and when
we run J's ipfs in brave that embedded
node is exposing HTTP API so web UI
simply talks to where do I talk yes it's
all coming back to me now
yeah web UI talks to embedded node over
HTTP which is probably not the best way
to but it means that in further for the
purpose of answering my question it
means that nothing changes at all like
it'll still just used H so long story
short if we test web UI against J's IPRs
we effectively test embedded J's ipfs in
brave because it's the same so yeah so
the only other question I had was can
you file an issue if in Asia about
puppeteer support so your even whether
we go that route or not the conversation
has started and the idea is floated oh
yeah in that community so that we're
kind of preflighting that possible need
ahead of time it's something I would
want to pick Hugo's brain cause I'm not
sure if he was around
when the decision to like be very
opinionated around mocha and karma
happened like those decisions make
perfect sense for all the libraries we
could produce it saves everyone ton of
time including me the problem is it was
like GUI applications web applications
are
not in the picture and I feel we should
also look in the dogs working group into
this discussion at some point because
they will have some interactive elements
on ipfs io on the dog's IP of Sao maybe
even proto school when we like start do
end-to-end testing and not just like
unit tests for small chunks and
components we probably then could
leverage the fact that there's a peer
support in a chip I'd totally so action
item from the discussion you can see I'm
still on the superfast laptop when
switching Todd takes a few seconds and I
have that in the agenda for a lab week
through your laptop in the ocean maybe
we can do it like a you know as the Sun
Goes Down on the beach funeral funeral
ceremony like like a Viking funeral when
there's a boat and someone like puts an
flaming arrow that would be something
yes we'll see what we can arrange yeah
that's yet so that's more more or less
my thoughts and we I've seen you you
wanted to get an update I did not want
to like pull request the something like
switching to Jays puppet here and all
the other stuff without like
synchronizing first and is this
something you feel make sense or I was
not around the discussions when the
puppeteer setup happened I believe all
he was around do you remember what was
like the historical context for that I
don't remember like I know it was ollie
he I think he was the one who did make
me the first test okay Ibrahim of death
all right so probably Olli is another
person we should check in just to make
sure we did not like miss any unknown
unknowns around around the setup but I
feel like based on what I've seen the
puppeteer is a way to go the one we have
right now it's very like super
lin-manuel we probably will need to add
some like make it more generic but more
or less we probably will extend it
further all right
and I think around tested I'm happy with
the direction sound sounds like there's
almost a direction yeah we have yet to
determine that but a very happy with the
view of the options that we have and it
sounds like it sounds like we probably
have a direction so that's very exciting
that wins once once we have this stuff
in place we will sleep better at night
and move the spinner time on more fun
stuff yeah I would be super super happy
free if we like added puppeteer as a
third thing probably like just just plus
puppeteer to edger because that would
associate I feel it may be highly
reusable in our like websites and small
like tools and you know all the GUI
applications that will follow eventually
yep all right
browser design workshop yeah just a
quick note about the invite that I sent
out this morning for the two of you and
designer Jim ksem who is working with
us to compile the ipfs browser into sign
CAD lines I will spend about 45 minutes
tomorrow morning running through just a
quick little exercise that he has for us
so that to make sure that he understands
the perspective that we have as the
developers of IP fest GUI products and
projects that will help frame the
research work that he's doing
over the next two months so he started
earlier this week and we're hoping to
hopefully get it done before the
holidays it some might need to be a
little bit postponed passed but the goal
is to have it done before December 20th
so that should be a short one this next
item and also yesterday I went to chrome
dev summit day two I applied it got
rejected that at six o'clock Monday
night they're like hey you want to come
today to like okay I guess I'll go it's
you know a short train ride for me which
is a but but it was good I got to UM I
actually saw
so I saw a couple of interesting things
day two if you look at the screen that
I'm sharing this first talk in the
morning was the one that I really wanted
to go to and this was Chris Wilson
a longtime web standards person were
Microsoft for many many years worked at
Google for the last some odd years him
and yob Weiss the chairs of the YW c g
and and they are a you have is the
basically like the api a gatekeeper for
web api implemented in blink so this was
a kind of deep dive talked into the
process that that blink as a as a
rendering engine uses to be able to test
out new web api is figure out what
changes they're gonna make to the
version of the web platform that they
implement and ship and all an
understanding of the different places
where the conversations happen how
features a future proposals are
evaluated and so whitney all the intent
to emails things are so it was it was
nice to be able to have a broad
perspective like kind of an view of how
they do that evaluation from beginning
to end this is really important for the
work that we need to do as eventually we
get I've confessed implemented into
native support and chromium this would
be kind of thing where we okay but what
does it mean to be able to be on or off
by default was it means be in order to
trial what does it mean to have and to
implement or in such prototype as
they're calling it these days
so having having that view into how
they're thinking about feature
evaluation is really important in us
being able to move the right levers to
get our technologies into that place
where you know as we knew from it
network stack have security and privacy
paradigm we're still pretty far away
from the security model of the web today
but every little bit of visibility into
have a decision make happens and where
is is an aid to our ability to move our
goals forward I think what for me the
takeaways were the plan to engage more
strongly with both the w3c and the ITF
at least at a visibility perspective of
the goals that we have as an
organization SPL in 2020 is even more
more important because we're going to be
like we need to be able to create an
environment where we can have a
conversation about visas cases the ipfs
browser design guidelines will also help
support creating that environment having
this conversation in 2020 that can lead
us to you know a post post 2020 possible
native implementation that people could
actually flip on and it's someday in
bigger browsers so that was really cool
talk that a lot of the rest of it was
more web developer focused the HTML done
in session was really good and that it
and these are all recorded so you can
watch them I don't know if the videos
are up yet but it was good in that it if
you're not familiar with how long it can
take to get change to happen in the web
platform that they're celebrating things
like styling of form controls and it's
good like it's some of these changes are
hard to make and it's important that we
do celebrate them as the web platform
gets better for designers and developers
but at the same time it's a really good
illustration of how long it takes for
things to happen things like CSS grid
all landed at once and it's an example
of where there was some coordination
between browser vendors and making sure
that a technology that was important
impactful was able to get to developers
and designers hands relatively quickly
but if you look at the history of the
technology it took about eight years all
total so we are we are not even really
at the presentation stage of that with
things like IP FS but given the the the
strategic approach that we want to take
hopefully we can compress that in not so
we're not talking about ipfs some native
browser native Imbros worse in 2030 but
instead we're like 20 22 or something
like that but those kind of talks are
great for getting both of those talks
where I think the best out of that day I
haven't watched the talks from the
earlier the day for the prayer day but
for understanding the kind of challenges
that we're gonna face and the
environment that we will be operating in
in getting mass browser support Q&A with
chrome leads is probably also worth
watching if only to understand that
chrome is out at Google Chrome is poly
an organization of around a thousand or
more or something like that all totaled
with and
and in that there also have maybe some
disagreements they are a group of people
that do or do not work together same way
that any organization a group of people
so think things got a little spicy in
the in the QA and so that that was worth
walking watching from that perspective
also related to us was the uh this talk
Chrome extensions in the world of
tomorrow
this is where something presented their
work on manifest v3 and by by all
accounts there was almost no
acknowledgement whatsoever that it was a
thing that was controversial instead it
was presented as a beautiful new future
with better performance and a user
centered attitude so uh it it was good
to be able to get the clarification that
no they're not backing down on v3 yes
they are leaning and hard and you
they're right we're all wrong and users
actually don't want to add puckers
sorry ladle I did not expect to come
back with good news from that session a
dad not just I was like deciding to cry
and I forgot to myself I also did have
so they had a browser other browser row
kind of thing with like Samsung and edge
and Firefox and I did talk to that edge
folks and a little bit and they I guess
the the most important piece of
information that I got really because it
was more like Beverly's not what it
doesn't seem like these are not the web
standards decision makers there wasn't
the product manager or anything like
that
um that if you're using Mac and you're
testing edge for Mac there that all the
features design everything is exactly
the same as on Windows so from a friend
in perspective and from a you know
understanding feature capability and
things like that is functionally the
same so which was nice to be able to say
yeah I can test edge on Mac without
having to you when Windows would be it
also means that from the browser design
guidelines work that we're doing we can
easily we can look at at that URL bar
implementation that's representative
after window some information as well
let's simply simplify it's not only like
not only companion but also all our
websites yeah and this last item is me
as well which was slack week can I get a
flag related to Chrome web days oh gosh
it's it's name from John summit yep I
got a quick sort of like a piggy back
I'm not sure on which day it was but
we've been tracking signed slash bundled
HTTP exchanges and wet web package
development there's an issue in activist
in web browsers if anyone is interested
in details
I sort of like updated that there's like
in 2018 we had signed HTTP exchanges
which was simply like one HTTP request
packaged signed and then you could load
it and it looks like it came from some
origin but that's a lie and then this
quarter bundled HTTP exchanges rebranded
as web bundles which is pretty cool name
landed so that's a group of resources
bundled together and you can load like
an entire website from a file which has
like a specific extension and mime type
in chrome right now it requires passing
a frog there's a link to more details
and there's a blog post by Kenji is that
Carter so if anyone is interested in
like archival use cases mostly or like
offline use cases when you want to share
like website to someone over beautif or
something there's a pretty cool demo
when the game in HTML J's and CSS over
like bluetooth between two phones or
like Wi-Fi direct or something I believe
like those are interesting use cases
because you can tell that there's a
place for
PFS as like a distribution platform
that's decoupled from like centralized
services
CBN's and other stuff and more thoughts
and discussions and proof of concept by
gene in this very long clunk issue
because we've been backtracking it since
29 1818
and now those like web bundles finally
it feels like it's polished enough to
the point we can start thinking about
bundling websites and when that
technology lands and it will land right
now it's like origin trial or in behind
the flag because it's like highly
experimental but within like six months
or something it will be available in
like a stable chromium and that's the
kaity percent of the market so people
will start using this and the cool thing
is that it will work on mobile as well
and like mobile is a very important part
of the story so it's something I wanted
to mention that happens and that's it
yes that I think the bundles is is an
inevitability
that's at least in chromium in it was
something and I don't know if I think
they announced it and presented it on
day one but in day two that came up
several times and the interesting thing
is that is not really like a packaged
app like the way an apk is but as you
say it really is like a record and
replay of HTTP transactions and I think
that challenge that they'll have is from
a developer ergonomics standpoint that
seems awkward and that's one of the
challenges that I think that that
they've had so far is that they're using
that in order to be able to to fit in
seamlessly with the and the farthest
edge node of that browsers operational
operationalization of the security model
like we don't have to change anything
and the browser is still a request
response it's just fake and
controversial party stuff in bundles in
those like web bundles signing is
optional and around signing that's sort
of like breaking
around Lex HDLs that there are only two
sides now you got a third side to that
distribution server which was like
passing they did give us these offline
asaurus with web bundles on them because
because of theirs of course you should
trust a USB key from a stranger who is
the largest surveillance operation that
humanity has ever known and outside the
NSA maybe still steal X I'm still
excited cause like signing is optional
so even if you are skittish about
breaking like spoofing TLS for like
archival purposes it's worth thinking
about
yeah or let's say Wikipedia and you want
to all the citations you want to like
attach them to page when we edit it so
they don't disappear stuff like that
you
all right she moved to the move to the
last item yes
we don't tell where lab week happens nor
Antarctica I'm sorry like every year yes
it will be very cold
yes and it's too it's too bad that they
separated at all as all of us in two
separate camps so we're not even going
to see each other in person there we're
all in different coasts of Antarctica
we all have walkie-talkies it'll be nice
it'll be like soon but without the
camera just Loris coat while we are all
separate on these frozen wastelands
event Arctica and camps alone and sad is
there any specific goal that we want to
come out of that week with any specific
project that we would like to do we have
talked about this a couple different
times do we want to come out with say a
a clear decision about the test
framework approach would probably be
good because we'll have easier people
and other people in the same general
well I was going to say that that half
of the planet the same hemisphere oh I
see I I would have two proposals one is
to get like the GUI team GUI browser
team edgier and also like dogs which are
responsible for like websites and make
it proto proto school as well because
it's also a website and see how can we
do end-to-end testing of those websites
I imagine there will be some puppeteer
thingy but we probably shouldn't would
be very useful to gather more use cases
than like why do I because what you are
is super specific and
encourage people to contribute to this
work
another thing is maybe it's unrelated to
test it I know but it's something yeah
before you move on then so related to
the testing I guess I would I'm more I'm
worried that we start to boil the ocean
at that point are too many cooks all
boiling the ocean together just to edge
it just yeah or like the fact that
because webui has special needs it is
not a regular website so I guess I I
want to just want to throw out there
that trying to bundle those together
because they are very different if we
hit a wall there let's be very aware of
that and make sure that our primary goal
of making sure that understanding where
j/s and go I profess changes break web
UI and vice versa and companion and vice
versa that's our primary goal here maybe
there is a side effect of puppeteer and
easier that helps general website
testing for people developing websites
regular HTTP websites if you know but
they seem to be different enough then I
want to make sure that the one doesn't
block the other like the second thing is
sort of like picking up research made on
pinning QX made by M job shall depart
its project moved to community but
generally there's a lot of material she
created in collaboration with me Hector
and others on sort of like she made a
very good pass at State of the Union of
pinning across all our GUI applications
projects not only like ipfs but also
cluster cuz like pinning means sort of
has a specific language and meaning in
cluster and that sort of a different
meaning in vanillite EFS and then we got
our gooeys which sort of dot always
follow what low lower levels do and
that's more could be interesting an
exercise in alignment to to come up with
a plan
how to remove those differences which
are sort of like a heavy something
sometimes as those are really heavy
blockers for newcomers to the project
when people add stuff to ipfs from
common line and they don't see them in
webui or they add the same file from
common line using odd and files right
and they get different C IDs that's also
kind of related to the proposal of files
v2 but only in in the fact that that
proposal comes with some very good
naming conventions and the new language
which we could reuse before even
adopting that standard but let's say
switch UI from like remove pinning as a
word from you eyes and simply like you
don't upload to ipfs you just import
stuff to your node and that's very
important cut up cause upload suggest
it's like pushed to some third party
server right it's not true you import it
to your local node and unless someone
requests that data from you it's only on
your local node things like that not
sure if I'm a very coherent in like
communicating what I mean but generally
extracting next steps from this pinning
research and I feel those steps would be
like pretty simple but we need to like
coordinate across both command line go
ipfs JS ipfs as as a GUI and in web
browsers just to simply either change
the language or update dogs things like
there's a TR contributed by Colleen to a
cute his companion to instead of like
adding and pinning to ipfs simply like
import file to a viewer to MF s and show
it in a web UI and that's removed a lot
of cognitive overhead
so generally maybe that could be like
camp site discussion more than actual
design session but
would be useful to make have this
discussion in in that's like uncomf
setup maybe kid Kenny I I agree I would
love to be able we have enough and we
might have enough people with shared
interests in separate places far apart
from each other to build to have a great
conversation about that the can you link
to any of those assets if there is that
work as public at all oh yeah we'll be
great to have in the notes so that
people can reference it seems like
something we probably want to share
following called the Colin fruit issue
around adding file directly from web UI
a to NFS you know you thought there's a
long history of design thinking around
this the the various places where we
have functionality exposed and the
language that's used it years worth of
design thinking and it would be great to
be able to have some conclusions yeah
and it feels mostly because there were
more important things and time passed
and now it's actually a problem that we
don't have this coherent language around
some basic concepts such as keeping
stuff around
we have pinning implicit pinning like
Emma first other stuff found resource
I'll drop it in in the notes there's a
entire issue of work done by megahertz
but I believe like the last comment has
sort of like summary the links to
summary documents there's a PDF of all
the work she did so I believe like maybe
I'll also link the PDF directly if
someone is not good impatient yeah we
so I said those two things alone would
be great for love we connect sure other
things what will come up specifically
testing opera builds in person will be
fun especially in the local network
together maybe against local gateways it
should be pretty interesting but I added
two more quick things I know we're
really running out of time here and this
was going to be the short short one
that's always I we should probably close
up thanks for adding thanks for a
timeboxing also my PFS policy issue you
should take a look at that and close it
out and add a PR so I'll got to my list
take a look at and then do we have any
highlights to add anything released this
week anything that we want to share with
the team next week there was a companion
release added to excellent and there
will be the yeah there will be probably
a stable tomorrow on Friday
oh I don't drop it to this week's or
next week's nights and week do you know
if we can release new web UI with that
fix for multi others it is released
push the PR company oh that's awesome
yeah so I probably yeah I'll make
another better and then push that the
stable channel because background on
that is that I was not able to switch to
new web UI cause the Pierce page did not
display peers with WebSocket star multi
others because no one actually ever had
to load web UI with those peers because
it never because you were not able to
load web UI in with embedded J's ipfs in
web browser until we did that in brave
so that's pretty pretty interesting
those kinds of bugs yeah so that fixed
I'll probably release new companion with
the new version that way
bref users will have I think that's it
seven militarily oh okay so I still two
more minutes to give a quick update on
Wikipedia project oh gosh
let me do I or maybe next week that's a
better idea there there will be no next
week stay tuned
hey week after week after week after
next week because there will probably
not be one of these week after next week
either because several of us will be out
of the office last week there's a love
week and then we I'm taking with me yeah
all right the teaser for Wikipedia is
that we will be switching the snapshot
generation from our custom rust based
code to upstream tools from opens in
project stay tuned see you in December